applications: nrf_desktop: enable zms for nrf54h20 DK target (#18924)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/settings_loader.rst

Settings backend
================

> By default, the nRF Desktop application, depending on the non-volatile memory technology used by the device, uses one of the following settings backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the nRF Desktop application, depending on the non-volatile memory technology used by the device, uses one of the following settings backends:
```

Author: fixed

> * :ref:`Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS) <zephyr:zms_api>` - Used for the devices with non-volatile memory that does not require explicit erase (MRAM, RRAM).

Reviewer 2: *that do not

Reviewer: "devices that do not" or "memory that does not"?
Isn't it the memory that does not require explicit erase?

Reviewer 2: it's devices really, the memory doesn't need erase but that's because of the device e.g. external QSPI flash or internal RRAM

> * :ref:`Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS) <zephyr:zms_api>` - used for the devices with non-volatile memory that does not require explicit erase (MRAM, RRAM).
> * :ref:`Non-Volatile Storage (NVS) <zephyr:nvs_api>` - used for the devices with non-volatile memory that requires explicit erase (FLASH).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* :ref:`Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS) <zephyr:zms_api>` - Used for the devices with non-volatile memory that does not require explicit erase (MRAM, RRAM).
* :ref:`Non-Volatile Storage (NVS) <zephyr:nvs_api>` - Used for the devices with non-volatile memory that requires explicit erase (FLASH).
```

Author: fixed

> * :ref:`Non-Volatile Storage (NVS) <zephyr:nvs_api>` - Used for the devices with non-volatile memory that requires explicit erase (FLASH).

Reviewer 2: *that require

Settings backend
================

By default, the nRF Desktop application, depending on the non-volatile memory technology used by the device, uses one of the following settings backend:

> * :ref:`Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS) <zephyr:zms_api>` - see the following :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_ZMS` Kconfig option for more details.
> * :ref:`Non-Volatile Storage (NVS) <zephyr:nvs_api>` - see the following :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS` Kconfig option for more details.
> 
> ZMS is used for the devices with the RRAM or MRAM non-volatile memory that do not require explicit erase.
> Otherwise, the NVS is used.

Reviewer 4: I would simplify it a bit:

```suggestion
* :ref:`Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS) <zephyr:zms_api>` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_ZMS`) - used for the devices with non-volatile memory that does not require explicit erase (MRAM, RRAM).
* :ref:`Non-Volatile Storage (NVS) <zephyr:nvs_api>` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS`) - used for the devices with non-volatile memory that requires explicit erase (FLASH).
```

We should point to doc page instead of Kconfig option help for details
